[narr] In the previous
episode...
Tsubasa received
a message
from Wakabayashi
from Germany
telling him Misaki is
actually living in France.
Inspired by
his old friends,
Tsubasa decides to
give everything he's got
to go to Brazil.
Kojiro Hyuga, travels to
the island of Okinawa
on his own,
to train with his former
trainer, Kozo Kira.
[pants]
[Mr. Kira]
Now go out there, Kojiro...
and show them
your true power.
[narr] Tsubasa is trying
to master a special shot
that Roberto wrote about
in his diary.
The Drive Shot.
Happy to have recovered
his lost strength,
Hyuga returns
only moments before
the tournament starts...
but nevertheless...
Hyuga...
you're not playing...
I'm sorry.
[gasp]
[narr] What will happen
now that the Toho team
can't count on
their captain
for the National
Tournament?
[ann] This is
the first match
of the National
Tournament,
and everyone is
attentively watching.
This match is between
the Nankatsu team
from Shizuoka
and the Azumaichi team
from Osaka.
And Nankatsu gets
the kickoff.
[whistle]
[ann] The Nankatsu captain
has the ball.
We'll see if he can
lead his team to
the Triple Championship.
This is the first time
the Azumaichi team
represents Osaka in
the National Tournament,
taking Naniwa's place.
Who will win this match?
Nankatsu has the ball.
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann]
Azumaichi's defender
is running at full speed.
What?
Eyes on the ball, Nankatsu.
[gasps]
[grunt]
Ready...go!
[ann] Makoto Soda
kicks a long pass.
I won't let you!
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann]
But it's intercepted
by Nankatsu's captain.
[grunt]
[Teppei]
That's it, Tsubasa.
How dare you.
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
stands his ground
against Soda.
[narr] Episode 35:
Razor Power Explosion.
[Tsubasa]
I can't be too careful.
If we want to win
the Triple Championship,
we must keep a cool head...
in every single game,
no matter the opponent.
[gasp]
We gotta back up Tsubasa.
Yes.
[ann] Soda is running
at full speed.
[Makoto] I won't let you
show off, primadonna.
[grunt]
[Kenichi] It can't be.
He's catching up to Tsubasa.
And I thought this guy
-was just all talk.
-[grunt]
[grunt]
He disappeared!
Razor tackle!
But what?
[ann]
Incredible.
With a single movement,
Soda was managed to
slip into
Tsubasa's blind spot
and has accomplished
a powerful sweep.
This must be a joke.
He was able to knock down
the captain.
[grunt]
Now, it's my turn.
Go on, it's our turn.
Yes!
[ann] With Tsubasa
on the ground,
the Azumaichi team
is free to attack.
[grunt]
Go!
-You won't get through.
-[gasp]
Onodera!
[grunt]
[ann] It looks like
this will be
Azumaichi's first shot
at the goal.
This isn't good.
-Go!
-[grunt]
[ann] Mitsuru Ide
passes to Kazuyasu Onodera,
who's waiting for him
centered in the goal.
I got it!
-This can't be!
Coming!
[ann]
Soda rapidly approaches,
completely alone.
No one is marking him.
[reac]
Stop that guy!
-Don't let him shoot.
-[grunts]
[chuckle]
You think you can
stop my shot, you idiots?
You don't know
who you're up against.
[grunt]
[yell]
Get ready...
to know your opponent...
Razor Shot!
[ann] Soda fires
an incredible shot.
[grunt]
-Morisaki!
-Stop him now!
[grunt]
[ann] Yuzo Morisaki
goes after the ball.
What?
[gasp]
[ann]
Goal!
The ball goes in the goal
with an incredible curve!
-Yeah!
-[laugh] Yeah!
[ann] This is Soda's
incredible Razor Shot.
[gasps]
It can't be.
-The Azumaichi team
-scored first.
[gasp]
[ann]
Incredible.
Nankatsu team
gets scored on
within the first
five minutes of the match.
This grand achievement
was accomplished by
the Azumaichi's defender.
[laugh]
[ann] The first time
we saw that impressive shot
was during the play offs
in Osaka.
Makoto Soda...
-So stupid!
-Yeah!
-They let their guard down.
-Come on! Yeah! Whoo!
[ann] It's difficult
to believe
that after two
consecutive victories
the Nankatsu team
is losing
within the first
five minutes of the match.
The Azumaichi team
turned out to be
a much tougher team
than any of us thought.
What will happen now?
Listen, guys.
We must remain calm.
We will tie the game,
but we can't get
too confident.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
-Morisaki...
-Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Soda will surely try to kick
his special shot again.
You have to stop him.
Mhm.
Yes, I will.
[chuckle]
Yeah!
-I'm positive that was Soda.
-Come on!
This way!
[narr]
The Coast Stadium...
One, two, three, four.
Hey, guys, look...
-Kojiro Hyuga's
-One, two,
-on the bench.
-three, four.
[journalist 2]
What happened to him?
He looks like he just got
out of a street fight.
[journalist 1]
He probably did some sort of
special training
after the Finals in Tokyo.
[journalist 2]
Yes, that's probably
the reason he disappeared
all this time.
[journalist 1]
Look, that's his coach.
Mr. Kitazume, could you
tell us why Hyuga
is sitting on
the bench, sir?
Tell us, did you send Hyuga
to a special training
outside of Tokyo, sir?
A special training?
Of course not!
I don't have anything
to say about Kojiro Hyuga.
But Hyuga looks
a lot stronger.
Please, tell us if it was
a special training...
-[Kitazume] No comment!
-[gasps]
If you need a statement...
then you must know
Hyuga will not be playing
in this tournament.
[gasps]
Coach Kitazume...
[ann] At first,
Team Nankatsu
was caught by surprise,
but their captain is now
restarting his actions
carefully.
-Tsubasa!
-Come on!
-We're counting on you!
-Come on, Tsubasa!
[laugh]
Now, all I have left to do
is mark you, Tsubasa...
and victory's
going to be ours.
[grunts]
You won't take it from me.
No!
[ann] Soda can't keep up
with Tsubasa
and Nankatsu's captain
passes the ball.
[Furuoya] They all have
the same strategy,
to mark Tsubasa.
At this point,
the team should know how to
respond in this situation.
Hey, guys!
Let's show them Tsubasa
isn't the only player
in Nankatsu.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
[ann]
Three Nankatsu players
approach their opponent's
territory.
You won't get through!
[ann] But here comes
Azumaichi's defense.
[Tsubasa] No...
He's still marking me
even though I don't have
the ball.
[Makoto]
That's right.
I won't let you move
this entire match.
Very well!
Let's see if you can...
match my speed.
Ha!
You're going to wish
you never said that.
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
runs at full speed,
but Azumaichi's defender
keeps up with him
like his own shadow.
[Ikeda] Soda moves like
a snake stalking it's prey.
[ann] And that's
ten minutes on the clock.
[Mamoru]
Tsubasa!
[ann] Izawa sends
a direct pass to Ozora.
[Tsubasa]
It's the first time
I feel so much pressure
while being marked
by another player.
[Makoto]
You're admirable, Tsubasa.
I didn't know for sure
if I was going to be able to
do my Razor tackle
against you again.
Azumaichi's defender...
moves really well
along the sidelines.
His name is...
Makoto Soda.
He specializes in defense.
He can mark anyone...
from any position
on the field.
Very interesting.
Tsubasa! You have to
get him off your back.
We'll take care of the goal.
You just get rid of him
and center it.
I'm not gonna
let you do that.
Here I go.
[grunting]
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] And Soda
knocks down Ozora
with an impressive
sliding tackle.
Not again!
-[whistle]
-[groan]
[ann] But the referee
calls a foul.
Wait a minute,
that guy did it on purpose.
[ann] And that's
a yellow card.
Another one of those,
and Soda
will be thrown out
of the match
and the tournament.
[Makoto] I don't care that
I got a yellow card.
I'll be there every step
you take.
[growl]
[ann] Team Azumaichi has
proven to be a strong team,
even though it's only
their first appearance
in this tournament.
-Don't get too confident!
-Yeah!
-You have to play like
-Come on!
-we did in our last match.
-Come on, man!
-Be a team.
-Woo-hoo!
Don't put it all on Tsubasa.
He's right.
We can't depend on him
for everything.
Yeah!
We are also forwards.
We're counting on you,
friends!
[ann]
Now the Nankatsu trio,
composed of Hajime Taki,
Mamoru Izawa
and Teppei Kisugi,
approaches
their opponents goal.
-Nice pass!
-[gasp]
What're you doing?
-Don't be useless.
-[grunt]
Don't let them pass!
[grunt]
Huh? No!
[ann]
Tsubasa takes advantage
- of the distraction
-[gasp]
and frees himself from
Soda's tenacious marking.
Hajime.
Tsubasa is already free.
Pass him the ball.
Yes.
Here!
No!
[ann] The ball
has been deflected
and it's up in the air.
[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa reacts
and goes for the ball.
He'll try to do
an overhead kick.
[Tsubasa]
I'm going to score...
We will tie the match.
[gasps]
Over my dead body!
[grunt]
[ann]
Oh!
Soda intervenes
and blocks the shot.
This is incredible!
[gasps]
Nice job, Makoto.
[grunts]
[gasp]
-I've got it.
-[ann] Mamoru Izawa
recovers the ball.
-[gasp]
-Oh no,
I totally forgot to
mark that guy.
Take this!
Ryota, stop him now!
[yell]
[ann] And the goalie
stops the shot.
[gasp]
[ann] Azumaichi's goalie
makes an incredible save.
Nice job there, Ryota.
It took them a little time,
but...
it looks like the Nankatsu
offense is back on track.
Hey, man, Azumaichi has
an excellent defense.
And that player,
Makoto Soda,
is a real pain
in their necks.
It's not going to be easy.
Yes...
Soda is their key player.
If he was able to block
Tsubasa's shot...
he's a tough opponent.
[Taichi] Exactly...
It took you long enough.
Huh?
Azumaichi is
a defensive team.
No one was able to
score against them
in the Osaka playoffs.
And it was all his doing.
Makoto Soda is known as...
the star assassin.
His objective is to mark
the striker of
the opponent's team
and injure him until
he's incapacitated.
He obliterated our striker
in our last game
with a sweep
and he completely
neutralized us.
[gasps]
And once they score
the goal that gives them
the advantage for good,
the team finally becomes
an impenetrable fortress.
He is the star assassin...
[groan]
My leg...
It's completely numb.
[Katagiri]
Soda is forcing Tsubasa
to play out of
his comfort zone.
No doubt
he's the perfect opponent
who'll make him grow.
But at what price?
Huh?
[chuckle]
[whistle]
[ann] The referee
blows the whistle.
It's the end of
the first half.
Team Nankatsu is down
by one.
-Uhh...
Very nice job, guys.
Soda, do you think
you'll be able to keep
marking Tsubasa
like you've been doing?
If you're too tired,
I can assign someone else
to mark him.
Don't worry about it, Coach.
We've already won
this match, right, guys?
-Huh?
That guy's not gonna be able
to use his foot anymore.
-[Ikeda] What?
-[player] What?
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
What is it, Manabu?
Where are you taking me?
There's no time to explain.
Hurry up, Sanae.
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room...
[Sanae]
Tsubasa...
Don't worry.
I got injured in
the first half.
It's...not a big deal...
but I need a quick bandage.
Could you please help me...?
I'd be very grateful.
Of course.
So then it's...
it's the exact same place
that Hyuga injured you
last time.
Yeah...
And you also helped me
with the bandaging
in that game.
Manabu...
please don't tell
the rest of the team.
I don't want the others
to be worrying about me
during the match, okay?
Yes...
I won't say anything.
All right.
It's all done.
Thanks very much.
Is it all right?
Yeah...
I'll be able to play
with this.
Yes.
[narr] Team Azumaichi's
locker room...
[Ikeda] All right,
now that Tsubasa is injured,
we only have the other
three forwards,
Teppei Kisugi, Mamoru Izawa
Hajime Taki...
Don't let them near
the goal.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
Listen up.
We'll continue to keep
the Nankatsu team in check
and we'll eliminate them
from the national
tournament.
-Yes!
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room...
Don't worry.
We'll tie in
the second half.
It was just a hiccup.
We'll definitely win
this match...
You shouldn't get ahead
of yourselves.
Just play how you always do
and we could win.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
Hey, guys, where's Tsubasa?
Huh?
What happened?
You went to the bathroom?
Yes.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
Come on, team!
Let's go out there and win!
-Yes!
-Yeah!
Come on!
Come on, Nankatsu!
You can do it, Nankatsu!
[Kazushige]
You have to tie the match!
-Lets win, lets win!
-Yeah, come on!
Azumaichi!
Hey, Sanae, where were you?
I had something do to.
-[whistle]
-Come on!
[ann] And we begin
the second half!
[growl]
[ann] Teppei Kisugi from
Team Nankatsu intercepts.
Tsubasa, it's yours!
[ann]
But the Azumaichi team
remains calm during
Nankatsu's attack.
What kind of strategy
are they planning?
[grunt]
[gasp]
[ann] Soda approaches Ozora
to mark him.
What's the matter,
Tsubasa?
You can't move freely
like you usually do?
Hey, let me guess.
You have a foot injury.
[Tsubasa]
That can't be...
That means that...
If you're not planning on
attacking, then I will!
[grunt]
[gasp]
Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa is able
to maneuver his way
free of Soda.
Wretched fool.
[ann] But Soda
desperately follows him.
- He's about to reach him.
-[panting]
[Tsubasa] Now that
I've freed myself from him,
I have to score quickly.
No, I must center the ball.
[gasp]
Azumaichi's defense
is marking everybody.
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa
can't do anything
and Soda is about to
reach him and take the ball.
[Tsubasa] No. In this case,
I don't have an option.
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa positions
himself to shoot the ball.
What's that?
Roberto...
I'm going to try it.
I won't let you shoot.
[yell]
[yelling]
Here you have...
my Drive Shot!
[ann] Soda couldn't
stop the kick,
and the ball goes flying
towards the goal.
[Makoto]
What is he doing?
What kind of a shot is that?
[grunt]
[ann] But the shot
is way too high.
It's going to
fly over the goalpost.
[hawk screech]
[ann] But hold on,
the ball is spinning
and descending rapidly.
This is truly incredible!
[Tsubasa] [pant]
Please...go in.
[hawk screech]
[gasps]
This can't be!
What is that?
[hawk screech]
[ann]
Goal!
And the goalie
didn't move an inch.
-He did it!
-No, the ball!
[ann]
Wait, hold on.
The ball landed
on top of the net.
It seemed like
it had gone in,
but no, it's not a goal.
No...
[ann] It was truly
a spectacular shot.
Nevertheless...
the ball couldn't
descend in time
to go in the goal.
[Tsubasa]
I'm sorry, Roberto.
It seems like I...
haven't been able to
master that shot yet.
It's too complicated!
The "Drive Shot"...
is the most difficult shot
that I've ever had to learn.
I can't risk
doing that again.
[Makoto]
He scared me half to death.
For a moment, I thought...
he'd be able to pull
that "Drive Shot" off.
I've never been able to
shoot like that...
[grunt]
The "Drive Shot"...
It's a very difficult skill
to acquire.
You must generate
a vertical spin
instead of a horizontal one.
I was never able to
dominate it.
That's why...
I created my Razor shot
instead.
Tsubasa, you can try
as many times as you want,
but you'll never be able to
complete that special shot.
It's impossible.
[ann] Azumaichi begins
their counterattack.
It's our opportunity.
You need to score
another goal.
Let's go after him.
I'm sure that last shot
must've aggravated
your injured foot.
You won't be able to
get rid of me now, Tsubasa.
[ann] The clock
shows seven minutes.
-What is it?
-Hmm...
I thought that you were
going to attack just now.
Yes...
But you know,
a wise man knows
he can change his mind.
[grunt]
-What? [grunt]
-[grunt]
Good job, guys.
If you get desperate,
you'll fall into
your opponent's trap.
You must keep
Tsubasa marked
and play hard until
the match is over.
[Furuoya]
Don't get desperate.
If you do, you'll fall into
your opponent's game.
[Hikaru]
This match is getting
more intense by the second.
[Masao] Tsubasa is
completely surrounded.
[Hanji] What are you doing?
They're out of time.
[Hiroshi] They won't be able
to get out of this one.
[ann] Nankatsu is
feeling the pressure,
and time waits
for no man.
[Hajime]
This can't be...
There's only
ten minutes left.
[chuckle]
Uhh...
No!
[scream]
[ann]
Izawa sweeps in
and manages to recover
the ball!
[pant]
[ann] But he can't
make a pass to Tsubasa
because Soda is
besieging him.
[Shingo]
Something's wrong here.
Tsubasa is usually faster
than that.
[Mamoru]
We're out of time,
but we have to trust
Tsubasa.
He's the only one
that can score now.
[ann] Izawa passes
directly to Tsubasa.
As long as you
have the ball,
you're not going to be
able to get away
from me, Tsubasa.
We'll see about that, Soda.
[grunt]
[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa heads
straight for
his opponent's defense.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa makes a move
and manages to trick
- both of Azumaichi's
-[screams]
defensive players.
[Tsubasa]
Ready.
[ann] This is
the opportunity
Nankatsu has been
waiting for.
It looks like Tsubasa
will make
the definitive pass.
Damn it.
He was able to fool me.
[ann] All three forwards
are being marked.
He can't risk passing
the ball now.
[grunt]
[ann]
Hold on,
one of the Nankatsu
players is open.
Hiroshi!
Captain, I'm open.
No sweat.
I'll take care of him.
[ann] Tsubasa can't
pass it to anyone.
What the heck is
Tsubasa doing?
Shoot already.
What're you waiting for?
All right.
Here I go.
[ann] Tsubasa sends it
to the center.
That's an easy shot
to the middle.
Just recover the ball, now.
Move it!
All right, let's go!
[yell]
[ann] Shingo Takasugi
jumps
to go after the ball
for a header.
It can't be.
Take this!
[ann] Takasugi
takes his shot and...
[grunt]
[ann] Goal!
The ball is in!
Nankatsu scored
to tie the match!
I...I did it?
-You did it, Shingo!
-[laughing]
Bravo!
Woohoo!
That's amazing!
Excellent shot, man.
[grunt]
How dare you score
before me.
Oh, I was joking.
-You did great.
-Oh yeah!
[ann] The Nankatsu team
was able to tie the match
a few minutes before
the final whistle.
They've proven
every single player
on the team is valuable.
That's not good.
Now it's time to score
the winning goal, you guys.
Tsubasa...
Tell me, how's your foot?
Are you okay?
What?
Don't think I didn't notice,
Captain.
I'm the team's defender.
I know perfectly well
when your game is off.
Shingo...
I'm fine.
Don't worry about it.
All righty then.
[Sanae]
Tsubasa...
-Bravo! Bravo!
-[Sanae] you couldn't shoot
- because of your injury.
-Nankatsu!
- That means your foot is...
-Whoo!
[sigh of relief]
I can breathe once again.
Now, Nankatsu will begin
to counter attack.
Stay alert.
Oh no, they've tied
the match.
We were almost
going to win it.
-Don't let Tsubasa Ozora
-Huh?
intimidate you.
It's only a minor setback,
guys.
We'll definitely
take the lead again
with my Razor Shot.
But Makoto,
Nankatsu already knows
your Razor Shot.
You won't be able to
surprise them.
Relax, guys.
This time, when I shoot
my Razor shot...
It'll be different.